Being complacent is a knife to kill yourself
If you had been too satistfied to what you have achieved and thought it was enough, you should have been born to be a normal person
Complacency is a one of eight stages of the rise and fall of civilization, when people have been working round the clock to get the entire social well-beings and then enjoy it completely even though they have a bunch of things ahead being out of hand but indispensable to take action. Hence,  being complacent is a sharp tool to kill yourself.
In order to have a non-abstract picture about complacency, I have to take all the way back to when I was in high school - Hoang Le Kha gifted high school. I attended a competition called National Physics competition and I got rewards that satisfied me significantly. Specifically, I was studying really hard and probably forget who I am in order to chase the rewards in the competition. I also attended to a physics class where I met a lot of talented friends and a teacher who had wholeheartedly taught me a lot more skills and solutions in solving physics problems. Eventually, I was ranked forth at the first and third at the second time. I felt really satisfied with the result but unfortunately I lost a lot of school events which were really intriguing and I disconnected to my friends progressively. I did not know what they are taking about when returning class. I did not have a lot in common when being together taking about something like gaming, sports, social media, and even flirting girls. I was separated from them and really wanted to be with them as before.
In the other hand, when receiving satisfying result from the competition, I was totally COMPLACENT. I thought I was acquired enough knowledge to be the best and I stopped leanring from that time.
When starting a journey in the university of technology. I got my first girlfriend in my life. we had something called celestial happiness being together. But over the next 3 months, we ended up breaking up and walking away.
    Do you want to know why........... It is a big question that I have been finding an answer.
Number one, because I was complacent, therefore I did not learn how to keep myself in a romantic relationship specifically with the one I really loved. I did not release something called attraction just because I was labelled to many kinds of rewards that I earned in many competition. Number two, because I was complacent, I did not build my own reputation including who I am, what my hobbies are, and what my perspectives are. Again, I did not release attraction to the other. Number three, because I was complacent, I was going so fast to catch her attention as soon as possible so as to satisfy myself that I completely conquered her heart and I thought I was so cool.
From these three reasons, I have learned that if I had not been so complacent, my first girlfriend would have been with me for a longer time and I could have had a chance to change myself up.
An additional to being complacent, I had lost a bunch of interesting things that I should have not missed out. An example that sticks out was that I did not follow what films were going viral, who famous singers or actors are at that time. I did not care anything that can definitely make my life more interesting.
Before summing up, when being complacent, you tend to be lazy and ignore what is gonna happen next because you think it is enough for you. You think you have already had what you want and you will never lose it. To elucidate, when I first came to The United States to start my journey at Angelo State University, I thought once I passed a challenging visa interview at the US Consulate in Vietnam, I got everything and I stopped learning more about ASU where I was going to be studying at and  where variety of upcoming challenging situations should be walked through. As a result, I again disconnected with my friends there because I did not know what they knew at that time.
In conclusion, complacency prevents us to learn something tremendous ahead and we are going to lose a lot of opportunities to get involved in a serious relationship and other aspects of life. This is due to the continuous movement of the Earth meaning that people are always on the rise and will NEVER be stopped. Therefore, learning every day, updating every, and changing every day are necessarily important to keep your life move forward.