Why we need to preserve our own culture and prevent it from dying out
Let's think of we are going to immigrate to another country to live and work, we will be affected by culture of where we are going to go.
This is the annual Language and Culture Fair which was held at University Center of Angelo State University. There were plenty of traditional things of each country such as Russia, China. Arab, Kerea, Farsi, Pashto, Vietnam, Span, Samo, Philippines. And below is our Vietnamese team known as Vietnamese Student Association (VSA). At the fair, I’ve learned a lot more thing related to ASU, I’ve meet a lot of instructors and students there whom I was really proud of because they are so nice and sociable. Probably, I got my socialization skill here a bit more and I had a chance to expose myself to students here in order for them to know more about me and approach me a bit more easily.
A day before the fair was held, I wnet to Quang’s House to pick up cloths which is one of the most unique and traditional clothing in Viet Nam. It is kind of a long-sleeve shirt that I really love. It comes in various colors and I chose the blue one because it is more suitable for me.
A question here is that how we preserve our culture. This is going to be Vietnamese explanation.
The story begins when I started a journey to the United States where multicultural diversity exists in the global. Then I gravitate towards immersing myself into this kind of environment. However, I met a lot of Vietnamese students here, I met a guy whose name is Quang. This person is uniquely identified by most of the people living here because of the way he dresses up. He actually preserves our Vietnamese culture in the city of San Angelo, Texas. His house is where cultural things are located, including Ao The Tu Than or Ngu Than, Sao Truc, Dan Tranh. It is why international students here really respect him because he gives us a chance to remind of our beautiful culture in Vietnam, and he also teaches us other aspects of the Vietnamese culture that we do not even know when living back in Vietnam. I would say when we go, we will learn. When we do not try, we will never know. Quang ever said that preserving our culture and spreading it out to other friends in the world are the extremely important. From that point on, I realized that I need to love where I came from and appreciate who gave birth to me and has always been loving me. In my family, my grandmother and my older sister are the only people who are actually vegetarians. They practice Caodaism, which is the most popular religion in Tay Ninh, Vietnam where I was raised for most of my life.
Finally, I have learned a lesson that preservation of our culture is important because it helps us know who we are, where we came from, and what values our culture has been giving us since the very beginning in Vietnamese people.